hey guys I'm a zombie killer boss and
today i'm bringing you some gameplay of
shi no numa on cows duty black ops and
you may be wondering why would i start
off the video with final stand for last
and or second chance or whatever you
like to call it well you'll find out
that in a later video but right now
that's not what the main subject of this
video is let's get into the main subject
to the bit of this video the main
subject of this video is a shi no numa
glitch that i want to show you guys and
it's right here you just lay down in
this corner right here and you'll see me
do it as soon as i get one of these
zombies to hit me there we go i get into
the corner and luckily that time I just
he just hit me under without me going
down so that's how you get under the map
now you're you may be asking how is this
useful to me I can only get under the
map and the reason I'm post well I'll
tell you guys in a little bit but the
reason i'm posting this right now is
because basically some people might do
is to get really high rounds to really
high rounds and i personally myself
didn't use this glitch to get to a
really high round and if you see three
of my teammates are outside and you're
asking why we just wedding over here and
we're waiting for our final teammate and
right here you can see him using the
mystery box and he's going to come and
join us outside of the glitch and
they're actually
I'm not sure where he is right now but
the point is all four of us are going to
get out of the map on shi no numa and
then we're going to go to a spot where
the zombies can't hit us well they can't
hit us here anyways but we'll be able to
shoot them and they can't hit us like as
you see I'm right under a zombie and he
can't do anything about it literally
there's nothing he can do about it so
right now we're just waiting for this
part to happen and it'll happen in three
two one no there we go so now I just had
to fast forward the video we're not
found assorted I just had to skip it
because my teammate was taking forever
to get under so now he got under with us
as you can see there's four names and
now i'm going to show you guys how to
get to spot where you can shoot at
zombies hey guys there's double XP this
weekend if you didn't know for call of
duty black ops and call of duty modern
warfare 3 so if you guys want to get
some or if you guys want to level up in
either one of those games black ops or
modern warfare 3 you should go play it's
double XP yeah double XP it's not double
weapon XP it's just regular double XP
where you get double experience but as
you see just follow what I'm doing and
swim the way I'm swimming and you'll see
me for a moment take a breath because if
you don't he'll drown because when
you're outside of the map you do drown
and then you keep going this way and you
go straight so just do exactly what I'm
doing and you should be able to get out
of the map just like I did can you just
see me swimming and swimming but yeah go
exactly where I go if you want to shoot
the zombies yeah I'm little sick sucks
I got a little bit sick this week
hopefully i'll feel better by the
weekend or by next week i'll definitely
feel better and i'll probably post a
video tomorrow maybe actually I'm not
sure my voice is already like running
low so that kind of sucks but I will
finish through with this commentary and
right here you just see me running up
here and I'm just exploring and one
while wandering seeing where I can go
and then I remember because I've gotten
out of the outside of the map on this
map before and there's one spot where
you can't be hit and you can still pick
up the power-ups and yeah I'm gonna head
to that spot and a little bit right now
you just kind of watch me explore it's
like interesting oh and call duty world
at war you could also jump out of the
map but it always lagged badly like
really bad lag was horrible whenever you
jumped outside because all the zombies
could lag outside of the map or like
okay the zombies naturally go into the
map but after they go in they come back
out like I have no idea how they do they
just go through the barrier that they
broke and then they and then it just
starts lagging really bad i'm not sure
why does but just does really bad
especially when it's a lot of zombies
and this is how you get up on top or you
want to go right here and then you just
sit here and start shooting zombies like
i'm doing while I'm not doing it right
now but a little bit of time I'll start
doing it but yeah you just start mowing
down the zombies from that area right
now I'm just like looking for the
zombies like I want I want to see where
they spawn like where are you going to
come from you're going to come from
nowhere and right here is ami comes from
nowhere and then I just start running
from him because I am thinking of this
like world at war and enrolled at war
sometimes they chase you even if you're
outside them half instead of going
inside and here you just see me jump out
farming stand up on this thing and the
zombies can't hit me and all the zombies
will come to this corner right here
you'll see my gun pointed at
and it's right there okay guys i want to
mention this have you enjoyed watching
this video leave a like rating on it and
subscribe to my channel if you're new
for more zombie for more videos actually
and i'll see you guys actually i won't
end it right now but look at that
there's some people don't like call of
duty zombies because some people do that
and that just really sucks when the host
rage poets and i'll see you guys on my
next